<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /temp/xhtml?><?workdir-uri file:/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source%20/temp/xhtml/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task_trs_2m5_4q" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " class="- topic/topic task/task " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="task:1;3:28">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Puppet Enterprise Quick Start Guide</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:16">Welcome to the Puppet Enterprise Quick Start Guide. Whether you’re setting up a PE
        installation for actual deployment or want to learn some fundamentals of configuration
        management with Puppet Enterprise, this series of guides provides the steps you need to get
        up and running relatively quickly. We’ll walk you through the setup of a monolithic
        (all-in-one node) installation and show you how to automate some basic tasks that sysadmins
        regularly perform.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="taskbody:1;11:15">
        <context class="- topic/section task/context " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="context:1;12:18">
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_supertask.dita" xtrc="p:1;13:16">The following guides present tasks in the order that you would most likely perform
                them. See the prerequisite sections in each guide to ensure you have the correct
                setup to perform the steps as they're provided:</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
<related-links class="- topic/related-links "><linkpool class="- topic/linkpool " xtrc="topicref:1;5:73" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap"><linkpool class="- topic/linkpool " collection-type="sequence" xtrc="topicref:1;5:73" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap"><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:2;6:51" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="quick_start_install_mono.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>PE Install Quick Start Guide</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">To get you started using Puppet Enterprise (PE) relatively quickly and efficiently,         this guide walks you through the steps of a monolithic install. A monolithic deployment is         best suited for users who want to evaluate PE, or for users managing a small number of         puppet agent nodes (up to 500 nodes). For larger installations, you’ll need to perform a         split install. </desc></link><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:3;7:44" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="quick_start_login.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Log in to the PE Console</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">To log in to the console, you can select the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol " xtrc="uicontrol:1;5:72" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_login.dita">Start Using Puppet Enterprise             Now</uicontrol>button that appears at the end of the web-based installer or follow the         steps below.</desc></link><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:4;8:84" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="quick_start_nix_install_supertask.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Installing *nix Agents</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">The following instructions are for installing Puppet agents on nodes running *nix         operating systems. Refer to the [Windows agent installation quick start         guide](./quick_start_install_agents_windows.html) for instructions on installing Puppet         agents on nodes running supported versions of the Windows OS.</desc></link><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:7;12:48" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="quick_start_sign_cert.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Approving the Certificate Request</linktext></link><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:9;14:65" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="experiment%20files/quick_start_nc_rbac.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Node Classification and RBAC Quick Start Guide</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">In this guide, you'll create a new node group, apply rules to the group to define the         nodes it will include, and add classes to the group. You'll also create a new user role and         give the role view permissions on your node group. Finally, you’ll create a new local user,         and assign a user role to that user. </desc></link><link class="- topic/link " mapclass="- map/topicref " type="task" xtrc="topicref:10;15:53" xtrf="/Users/isaaceldridge/Desktop/wip/DITA_sandbox/source /quick_start_map.ditamap" href="quick_start_module_install.dita" role="child"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Module Installation Quick Start Guide</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">In this guide, you'll install the puppetlabs-apache module, a Puppet Enterprise         supported module. Modules contain [classes](../puppet/3/reference/lang_classes.html), which         are named chunks of puppet code and are the primary means by which Puppet Enterprise         configures and manages nodes. While you can use any module available on the Forge, PE         customers can take advantage of [supported modules](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/supported);         these modules--designed to make common services easier--are tested, and maintained by Puppet         Labs. In the [Module Writing Basics for Linux QSG](./quick_writing_nix.html) you'll learn         more about modules, including customizing and writing your own modules on either         [Windows](./quick_writing_windows.html) or [*nix](./quick_writing_nix.html)         platforms.</desc></link></linkpool></linkpool></related-links>
</task>