<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_s1j_nkm_4q">
    <title>Module Installation Quick Start Guide</title>
    <shortdesc>In this guide, you'll install the puppetlabs-apache module, a Puppet Enterprise
        supported module. Modules contain [classes](../puppet/3/reference/lang_classes.html), which
        are named chunks of puppet code and are the primary means by which Puppet Enterprise
        configures and manages nodes. While you can use any module available on the Forge, PE
        customers can take advantage of [supported modules](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/supported);
        these modules--designed to make common services easier--are tested, and maintained by Puppet
        Labs. In the [Module Writing Basics for Linux QSG](./quick_writing_nix.html) you'll learn
        more about modules, including customizing and writing your own modules on either
        [Windows](./quick_writing_windows.html) or [*nix](./quick_writing_nix.html)
        platforms.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>This guide assumes you've already [installed a monolithic PE
            deployment](./quick_start_install_mono.html), and have installed at least one [*nix
            agent node](./quick_start_install_agents_nix.html).</prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>On the Puppet master</b>, run<codeph>puppet module search apache</codeph>.
                    This command searches for modules from the Puppet Forge with
                        `<codeph>apache</codeph> in their names or descriptions.</cmd>
                <stepresult>Your search will have a list of results that are displayed as follows: <p>
                        <codeblock>Searching http://forgeapi.puppetlabs.com ...
NAME                  DESCRIPTION                           AUTHOR        KEYWORDS
puppetlabs-apache     Puppet module for apache              @puppetlabs   apache</codeblock>
                    </p><p>You can view detailed info about the module on the
                        [Forge](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/apache).</p></stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To install the Apache module, run, <codeph>puppet module install
                        puppetlabs-apache</codeph>puppet module install puppetlabs-apache. </cmd>
                <stepresult>The result should look like this:<p>
                        <codeblock>Preparing to install into /etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules ...
Notice: Downloading from http://forgeapi.puppetlabs.com ...
Notice: Installing -- do not interrupt ...
/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules
└── puppetlabs-apache (v1.1.1)</codeblock>
                    </p></stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>You have just installed a Puppet module. All of the classes in the module are now
            available to be added to the console and assigned to nodes.<note>By default, the modules
                you use to manage nodes are located in
                `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules`---this includes modules
                installed by PE, those that you download from the Forge, and those you write
                yourself. > >**Note**: PE installs additional modules in
                `/opt/puppet/share/puppet/modules`. These must not be modified, and you should not
                add your own modules to this directory, as they may be removed during
                upgrades.</note></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
