<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_d1m_tzg_rq">
    <title>Adding Apache Class to Example Group</title>
    <shortdesc>In this procedure, you'll add the <codeph>apache</codeph> class to the
            <b>apache_example</b> group you created in the previous task.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Classes</uicontrol> tab. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Class name</uicontrol> field, begin typing "apache," and
                    select it from the autocomplete list. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add class</uicontrol> and then click <uicontrol>Commit 1
                        change</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The <codeph>apache</codeph> class now appears in the list of classes for
                    your agent node. You can see this list by clicking <uicontrol>Nodes</uicontrol>
                    and then clicking your node in the <uicontrol>Nodes</uicontrol> list. A page
                    opens with your node's details.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From your agent node, navigate to <codeph>/var/www/html</codeph>, and create a
                    file named <codeph>index.html</codeph>. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open <codeph>index.html</codeph> with the text editor of your choice and fill
                    it with some content (e.g., "Hello World"). </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the console, navigate to the <uicontrol>Live Management</uicontrol> page,
                    and select the <uicontrol>Control Puppet</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>runonce</uicontrol> and then <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol>. This
                    will configure the node using the newly-assigned class. Wait one or two
                    minutes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open a browser and enter the IP address for the agent node, adding port 80 on
                    the end (e.g., <codeph>www.myagentnodeIP:80</codeph>).</cmd>
                <stepresult/>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will see the contents of <codeph>/var/www/html/index.html</codeph>
                    displayed.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result><b>Result</b>: Puppet Enterprise is now managing the default Apache vhost on your
            agent node. At this point, you can check out the Apache "ReadMe" on the Forge to explore
            options for managing your Apache instances as needed. The <xref
                href="https://docs.puppetlabs.com/pe/latest/quick_writing_nix.html" scope="external"
                format="html">*Nix module writing QSG</xref>  (./quick_writing_nix.html) discusses
            how to write your own class that manages a web app running on an Apache virtual
            host.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
