<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_xwm_nl4_4q">
    <title>PE Install Quick Start Guide</title>
    <shortdesc>To get you started using Puppet Enterprise (PE) relatively quickly and efficiently,
        this guide walks you through the steps of a monolithic install. A monolithic deployment is
        best suited for users who want to evaluate PE, or for users managing a small number of
        puppet agent nodes (up to 500 nodes). For larger installations, you’ll need to perform a
        [split install](./install_pe_split.html). A monolithic PE deployment entails installing the
        puppet master, the PE console, and PuppetDB all on one node. Puppet agent nodes are
        installed later as part of the [agent installation quick start guide for
        *nix](./quick_start_install_agents_nix.html) or the [agent installation quick start guide
        for Windows](./quick_start_install_agents_windows.html). For more information about the
        components that make up your PE deployment, visit the [installation
        overview](./install_basic.html) in the PE docs.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p><b>Prerequisites</b></p>
            <ul id="ul_lcg_4n4_4q">
                <li>See the [system
                    requirements](./install_system_requirements.html#monolithic-all-in-one-installation)
                    to ensure your hardware needs are met.</li>
                <li>Make sure that DNS is properly configured on the machines you're installing PE
                    on. All nodes must **know their own hostnames.** This can be done by properly
                    configuring reverse DNS on your local DNS server, or by setting the hostname
                    explicitly. Setting the hostname usually involves the `hostname` command and one
                    or more configuration files, while the exact method varies by platform. In
                    addition, all nodes must be able to **reach each other by name.** This can be
                    done with a local DNS server, or by editing the `/etc/hosts` file on each node
                    to point to the proper IP addresses.</li>
                <li>Please ensure that port 3000 is reachable, as the web-based installer uses this
                    port. You can close this port when the installation is complete.</li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Review the [General Prerequisites](#general-prerequisites-and-notes).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>[Download and verify the appropriate PE
                    tarball](./install_basic.html#downloading-puppet-enterprise), and, if needed,
                    copy the tarball to the machine on which you'll be installing PE.</cmd>
                <info>Be sure to download the full PE tarball, not the agent-only tarball. The
                    agent-only tarball is used for [package management-based agent
                    installation](./install_agents.html) which is not covered by this guide.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Unpack the tarball. (Run <codeph>tar -xf &lt;tarball>`</codeph>.)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the PE installer directory, run <codeph>sudo
                        ./puppet-enterprise-installer</codeph>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When prompted, choose "Yes" to install the setup packages. (If you choose "No,"
                    the installer will exit.)</cmd>
                <stepresult> At this point, the PE installer will start a web server and provide a
                    web address: <codeph>https://&lt;install platform hostname>:3000</codeph>.
                    Please ensure that port 3000 is reachable. If necessary, you can close port 3000
                    when the installation is complete. Also be sure to use
                        <codeph>https</codeph>.<p>Leave your terminal connection open until the
                        installation is complete; otherwise the installation will
                    fail.</p></stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Copy the address into your browser.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When prompted, accept the security request in your browser.</cmd>
                <info>The web-based installation uses a default SSL certificate; you’ll have to add
                    a security exception in order to access the web-based installer. This is safe to
                    do.</info>
                <stepresult>You'll be taken to the installer start page.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the start page, click <uicontrol>Let's get started</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Next, you'll be asked to choose your deployment type. Select
                        <uicontrol>Monolithic</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose to install the Puppet master component on the server you're running the
                    installer from.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Provide the following information about the puppet master server:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_v5t_s44_4q">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>
                            <uicontrol>Puppet master FQDN</uicontrol>: provide the fully qualified
                            domain name of the server you're installing PE on; for example,
                                <codeph>master.example.com</codeph>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><uicontrol>DNS aliases</uicontrol>: provide a comma-separated list of
                            aliases agent nodes can use to reach to the master; for example
                                <codeph>master</codeph>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When prompted about database support, choose the default option
                        <uicontrol>Install PostgreSQL for me</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Provide the following information about the PE console administrator
                    user:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_sfg_hp4_4q">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><uicontrol>Console superuser password</uicontrol>: create a password
                            for the console login; the password must be at least eight
                            characters.</cmd>
                        <info>The user name for the console administrator user is
                                <uicontrol>admin</uicontrol>.</info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol> Submit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the confirm plan page, review the information you provided, and, if it looks
                    correct, click <uicontrol>Continue</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info> If you need to make any changes, click <uicontrol>Go Back</uicontrol> and
                    make whatever changes are required.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the validation page, the installer will verify various configuration
                    elements (e.g., if SSH credentials are correct, if there is enough disk space,
                    and if the OS is the same for the various components). If there aren't any
                    outstanding issues, click <uicontrol>Deploy now</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>The installer will then install and configure Puppet Enterprise. It may also
                    need to install additional packages from your OS's repository. <b>This process
                        may take up to 10-15 minutes.</b> When the installation is complete, the
                    installer script that was running in the terminal will close itself.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>You have now installed the puppet master node. As indicated by the installer, the
            puppet master node is also an agent node, and can configure itself the same way it
            configures the other nodes in a deployment. Stay logged in as root for further
            exercises.</result>
        <postreq>Log in to the Console.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
