<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_s1j_nkm_4q">
    <title>Module Installation Quick Start Guide</title>
    <shortdesc>In this guide, you'll install the puppetlabs-apache module, a Puppet Enterprise
        supported module. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>This guide assumes you've already [installed a monolithic PE
            deployment](./quick_start_install_mono.html), and have installed at least one [*nix
            agent node](./quick_start_install_agents_nix.html).</prereq>
        <context>Modules contain <xref format="html"
                href="https://docs.puppetlabs.com/puppet/3.7/reference/lang_classes.html"
                >classes</xref>, which are named chunks of puppet code and are the primary means by
            which Puppet Enterprise configures and manages nodes. While you can use any module
            available on the Forge, PE customers can take advantage of <xref format="html"
                href="http://forge.puppetlabs.com/supported">supported modules</xref>; these
            modules--designed to make common services easier--are tested, and maintained by Puppet
            Labs.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>On the Puppet master</b>, run<codeph>puppet module search apache</codeph>.
                    This command searches for modules from the Puppet Forge with
                        <codeph>apache</codeph> in their names or descriptions.</cmd>
                <stepresult>Your search will have a list of results that are displayed as follows: <p>
                        <codeblock>Searching http://forgeapi.puppetlabs.com ...
NAME                  DESCRIPTION                           AUTHOR        KEYWORDS
puppetlabs-apache     Puppet module for apache              @puppetlabs   apache</codeblock>
                    </p><p>You can view detailed info about the module on the
                        [Forge](http://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/apache).</p></stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To install the Apache module, run, <codeph>puppet module install
                        puppetlabs-apache</codeph>puppet module install puppetlabs-apache. </cmd>
                <stepresult>The result should look like this:<p>
                        <codeblock>Preparing to install into /etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules ...
Notice: Downloading from http://forgeapi.puppetlabs.com ...
Notice: Installing -- do not interrupt ...
/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules
└── puppetlabs-apache (v1.1.1)</codeblock>
                    </p></stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>You have just installed a Puppet module. All of the classes in the module are now
            available to be added to the console and assigned to nodes.<note>By default, the modules
                you use to manage nodes are located in
                    <codeph>/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/environments/production/modules</codeph>---this
                includes modules installed by PE, those that you download from the Forge, and those
                you write yourself. <p>PE installs additional modules in
                        <codeph>/opt/puppet/share/puppet/modules</codeph>. These must not be
                    modified, and you should not add your own modules to this directory, as they may
                    be removed during upgrades.</p></note></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
